Add docs page (#130)
mainmatter/gerust: site/docs/architecture/the-db-crate.md

```

## Test Helpers

The `db` crate has a feature `test-helpers` that is off by default. Hidden behind the feature flag is the `test_helpers` module, which can be used to make specific entities and database access functions available only for application tests but not for actual application code. If e.g. the system does not allow for creating new user accounts as part of the normal operation, but tests need to be able to create users to prepare the state for tests, a `create_user` function could be defined in `db/src/test_helpers/users.rs` in the `db` crate.

Entities and their changesets in the `db` crate also use the [`fake` crate](https://crates.io/crates/fake)'s `Dummy` trait for easier creation of test data when the `test-helpers` feature is enabled:

```rust
#[derive(Deserialize, Validate, Clone)]
#[cfg_attr(feature = "test-helpers", derive(Serialize, Dummy))]
pub struct TaskChangeset {
    /// The description must be at least 1 character long.
    #[cfg_attr(feature = "test-helpers", dummy(faker = "Sentence(3..8)"))]
    #[validate(length(min = 1))]
    pub description: String,
}
```

> With that, it's straight forward to create new tasks with realistic data in tests without having to specify all values manually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With that, it's straightforward to create new tasks with realistic data in tests without having to specify all values manually:
```
